 https://codepen.io/White1Delta/pen/yLOoWzW?editors=1100
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML?
       Semantic HTML describes what the HTML is.
 2. What is HTML used for? 
       It is used to structure the website.
 3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
       An attribute is a piece of code that gives additional information to an element.  It goes insside the element its reffering to.
 4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for the most important item on the page.  It should only be used once.   
 5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The attribute and image tags require attributes.
 6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata goes in the head.
 7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that provides a unique identification for an element.
 8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Ones that will be referenced by a style in the CSS.
 9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        It can be used only once.
 10. What is a class? 
        It is a attribute added to an element for styling in CSS.
 11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        To my understanding, there isn't any that it can't be added to.
 12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as I want to.
 13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Use the <a href="target="
 14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Alt is used for screen readers to read to a user that cant see the images on the page.
 15. How do I reference an id?
        #idname
 16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is a container that holds a large amout of data and contains divs that contain much smaller batches of data.
 17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling the HTML.
 18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        .h2 {}
 19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        See answers to questions 7 and 10.  Additionally, one is referenced with a #, the other by .name.  An id is best used with a link, while a class is best used in a div used in multiple section.
 20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
 21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p human {}
 22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        ("parent > child")
        When selecting all of the elements that are a child of a parent element.
 23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

        sidebar .links {}
 24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Selectors with a preceeding :
 25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        By using line-height: 5pt;       
 26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        By using letter-spacing: 3px;
 27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase/lowercase.
 28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: dotted black 1px;
 29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        With the *{}   
 30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        // for single line comment.
        /**/ for multiline comments.
 31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
 32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 
 33. How do I remove a file via the command line? 
        rm filename
     Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        It is permanent.  There is no retieving it.
 34. Why should I use version control?
        To keep track of multiple different versions of software, content, documents, etc.
 35. How often should I commit to github?
        Everytime that changes are made to the repo.
 36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branchname.  after the first push, origin and branchname aren't necessary.
 37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork
        Add collaberator
        copy
        git clone .
        change directory
        checkout -b
        code .
        git add .
        git commmit -m "khkshf"
        git push -u origin branchname
        check branches
        create pull request

Stretch Questions

 1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline only take up the necessary space, block takes up the entire space and push eveything to the next line.
 2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
        It is in a fixed position on the page.
 3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

 4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

 5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        The box model is Margin on the outside, Border inside of the margin, Padding iside the border, and the Content maintained in the "center".
        By defining the size of each part of the box.
